Version 4.4.0

Mostly a lot of bug fixes. Please see the changelog.

Version 4.3.1x

This is quite heavily modified version, and many bugs have been
fixed. Please see the Changelog for a list of changes.

Version 4.2.7
April has been released under the GPL licence!  This is the first
version to be released under open source.

Some major bugs were found in the type model. Not our fault really, and no
users had tripped up on them. However, in order to fix it, we have had
to re-implement the type  system and tighten up on a lot of aspects of
the language:

1. A new type expression called the quantified type expression is
introduced. If you need a variable to be polymorphic you'll need this
one.

2. Type any has been recast to type encapsulation. This means that ?? is
now obsolete (partial undocumented support is retained).
An any value is written: any(exp) and an any pattern is written
any(ptn)

This also affected the ICM, since encapsulated values carry with them
a type signature.

3. Records are now no longer compatible with tuples. A record literal
must be written with its field names in the correct order. (This fixes
a problem with single element records which were screwed.)

4. Default values have been taken out of service.

Fixed problems in type expressions (e.g., if a type expression
`duplicated' a pre-existing type then the compiler got it way wrong)

Fixed problems in initializing theta variables

Added a feature to the compiler to automatically generate interface
.af files.

Added a new string expression/pattern (,+) which is like cons for
strings. (It adds a character -- represented as a symbol) to the front
of a string.

Reordered a few of the operators. (in particular ? has moved to 750)


Version 4.2.6:
A number of small bugs have been fixed.
Extended the declaration of read/write variables to allow a kind of matching:
Ptn : Exp
declares the variables in Ptn to be read/write.

This version introduces Alex -- an April LEXical analyser generator

Fixed a problem with the unifier in the type checker -- deep stuff
Fixed a problem with negative widths in string formatting
Fixed a problem with files not being flushed properly
Fixed a problem with onerror in functions
Fixed a problem with multi/single adic functions not being set up correctly

Version 4.2.5 

This version introduces a syntax for single character symbols:

''X

e.g., ''(

X is a string-char, so it may also be:

''\n

for the new-line character.

Also, type coercion has been strengthened to allow:

symbol[]%%string

and 

string%%symbol[]

conversion.

Version 4.2.3:

This is a completely different version of the April system. The list
of changes over prior versions is unfortunately quite long.... On the
other hand, the April pocket guide is a new but nifty encapsulation of
the whole system.

This version makes obsolete all prior versions of April. There were a
number of necessary changes to the syntax of April programs; which
means that there will be some re-writing of code necessary. We hope that
this will be the last time we have to make such a statement....

This is also the first official release which uses the ICM rather than
the april communications server. The ICM was based on the
apcommserver, but has been completely re-written and is now released
as a separate package.


